check 12 skeletal ado check 12 still
able to do
what is up you guys I am saying what is
if you guys like everybody else who says
what is up you guys and in my room about
to do the first-ever Xbox Live
Chronicles with a PVR I call it extreme
box chronicles let's do his gas around
the snapper
Oh God has got snap now face off oh crap
Oh what that was wack you have disgraced
yourself I know there's someone in here
it's all right now going on here yep
only person with the mic sad times 10
loneliest number that you're under t can
be as bad as one keep your eyes after
the saddest going up for American Idol
just kidding I'm too good for me I know
I know which one's mine this is mine
okay was not fun which know about this
okay what the hell is that
seen the game like that makes me wanna
get the hell out of that Lobby yo yo yo
what's up all right yes are you freaking
kidding me hi jack i jack international
water it was here yeah yeah wait a
second it's actually pretty beautiful
can't resist try to swim oh man how can
I live without you know oh yeah I didn't
realize I was already in a match yeah
guys want to stay here and listen to
missing yeah Oh me neither yo yo yo
anybody with the morning still the best
map history of God duties
shit up in the air if you agree is it
shoot up in the air if you like you 10
hate you guys oh yeah
no I'm the best dude this team this team
yo ya'll yo anybody with the mud anybody
with a man
anybody named Mike would any of you like
to listen to me see me there over it
just getting full school you just got
finished watching the first-ever Xbox
Live chronicles with a PVR now known as
that extreme box chronicles I'm out of
here I got to go added a bunch of videos
subscribe comment really don't care pace